# SuperSightings# TechnologiesJDK 1.8.0MySQL Server 5.7Maven 3.5.2Spring 4.3.6.RELEASENetBeans IDE 8.2 / Tomcat Server# MySQL Databasedatabase = super_sightingmysql host = localhostmysql port = 3306username = rootpassword = rootDatabase creation script = SuperSightingsDB.sql# Build, Test and Run applicationStart the MySQL serverRun the database creation script, SuperSightingsDB.sqlOpen the SuperSightings project in Netbeans and run the projectApplication will start running on port 8080If the site does not load automatically, enter http://localhost:8080/SuperSightings in the browser# Using the HERO siteThe H.E.R.O. site is used to track sightings of super heros / villains. ## Home pageThe about page for H.E.R.O..  The home page also has a newsfeed that tracks the 10 most recent sightings in the database.  Users can click on the "View Details" link for any sighting to see date, location, and super beings related to the sighting.## Super Beings pageContains a list of all super beings in the database. Users can add, edit, or delete super beings in the database.The super being name is also a link to that being's details page.## Organizations pageContains a list of all super organizations in the database.Users can add, edit, delete organizations in the database.  The organization name is also a link to the organization's details page.An organization must be linked to an existing location.  ## Locations pageContains a list of all locations in the system.Locations can be linked to an organization or sighting.Users can add, edit, or delete locations in the database.The location name is also a link to the location's details page.## Sightings pageContains a list of all super being sightings in the database.Users can add, edit, or delete sightings from the database.The sighting location is also a link to the sighting details page.Sightings must be linked to an existing location.  Only super beings already in the system can be added to the sighting.  Users are free to add new super beings on the Super Beings page if they are not yet in the system. 